{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern JetBrains Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green120\blue50;\red169\green183\blue198;\red255\green198\blue109;\red106\green135\blue89;\red104\green151\blue187;\red152\green118\blue170;\red128\green128\blue128;\red179\green137\blue197;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs20\lang9 package \cf2 sample\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Insets\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Orientation\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Pos\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.Scene\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Button\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.layout.BorderPane\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.layout.FlowPane\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Text\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.stage.Stage\cf1 ;\line\line public class \cf2 CheckingProgress \cf1 extends \cf2 BorderPane \{\line\line     \cf1 public \cf3 CheckingProgress\cf2 (CarRemoval Obj)\{\line         Text t = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Do you want to complete the process?"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button b1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Yes"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Button b2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "No"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 FlowPane n = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(b1\cf1 ,\cf2 b2)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 b1.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 b2.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setPadding(\cf1 new \cf2 Insets(\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pn = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.getChildren().addAll(t)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setVgap(\cf5 14\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 BorderPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 BorderPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setCenter(pn)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBottom(n)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Scene SCENE1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scene(pane\cf1 ,\cf5 350\cf1 ,\cf5 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Stage s = \cf1 new \cf2 Stage()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.setScene(SCENE1)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.show()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 b1.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Chenged will happen here\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 b2.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line     \cf2\}\line     \cf1 public \cf3 CheckingProgress\cf2 (PreOrder Obj)\{\line\line         Text GeneralText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Do you want to complete the process?"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button YesButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Yes"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button NoButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "No"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 YesButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 NoButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane n = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(YesButton\cf1 , \cf2 NoButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setPadding(\cf1 new \cf2 Insets(\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pn = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.getChildren().addAll(GeneralText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setVgap(\cf5 14\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 BorderPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 BorderPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setCenter(pn)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBottom(n)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Scene SCENE1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scene(pane\cf1 ,\cf5 350\cf1 ,\cf5 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Stage s = \cf1 new \cf2 Stage()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.setScene(SCENE1)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.show()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 YesButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Chenged will happen here\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 NoButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line     \cf2\}\line\line     \cf1 public \cf3 CheckingProgress\cf2 (RentCar Obj)\{\line         Text GeneralText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Do you want to complete the process?"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button YesButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Yes"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button NoButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "No"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 YesButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 NoButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane n = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(YesButton\cf1 , \cf2 NoButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setPadding(\cf1 new \cf2 Insets(\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pn = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.getChildren().addAll(GeneralText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setVgap(\cf5 14\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 BorderPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 BorderPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setCenter(pn)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBottom(n)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Scene SCENE1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scene(pane\cf1 ,\cf5 350\cf1 ,\cf5 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Stage s = \cf1 new \cf2 Stage()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.setScene(SCENE1)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.show()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 YesButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Chenged will happen here\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 NoButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line     \cf2\}\line\line     \cf1 public \cf3 CheckingProgress\cf2 (CancelReservationC Obj)\{\line         Text GeneralText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Do you want to complete the process?"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button YesButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Yes"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button NoButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "No"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 YesButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 NoButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane n = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(YesButton\cf1 , \cf2 NoButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setPadding(\cf1 new \cf2 Insets(\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pn = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.getChildren().addAll(GeneralText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setVgap(\cf5 14\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 BorderPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 BorderPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setCenter(pn)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBottom(n)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Scene SCENE1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scene(pane\cf1 ,\cf5 350\cf1 ,\cf5 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Stage s = \cf1 new \cf2 Stage()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.setScene(SCENE1)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.show()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 YesButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Chenged will happen here\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 NoButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line     \cf2\}\line     \cf1 public \cf3 CheckingProgress\cf2 (ReportProblem Obj)\{\line         Text GeneralText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "The problem has been reported"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button YesButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Ok"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf7 //Button NoButton = new Button("No");\line         \cf2 YesButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf7 //NoButton.setMaxWidth(50);\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane n = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(YesButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 n.setPadding(\cf1 new \cf2 Insets(\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf1 ,\cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pn = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.getChildren().addAll(GeneralText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pn.setVgap(\cf5 14\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 BorderPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 BorderPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setCenter(pn)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBottom(n)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Scene SCENE1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scene(pane\cf1 ,\cf5 350\cf1 ,\cf5 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Stage s = \cf1 new \cf2 Stage()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.setScene(SCENE1)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 s.show()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 YesButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Chenged will happen here\line             \cf8 s\cf2 .close()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line\line     \cf2\}\line     \}\line\line\line\line\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
}
 