{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern JetBrains Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green120\blue50;\red169\green183\blue198;\red152\green118\blue170;\red255\green198\blue109;\red106\green135\blue89;\red104\green151\blue187;\red128\green128\blue128;\red179\green137\blue197;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs20\lang9 package \cf2 sample\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Insets\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Orientation\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Pos\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Button\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.ComboBox\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.TextField\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.layout.*\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.paint.Color\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Font\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontPosture\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontWeight\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Text\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.stage.Stage\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 java.io.FileInputStream\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.io.IOException\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.util.ArrayList\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.util.Scanner\cf1 ;\line\line public class \cf2 PreOrder \cf1 extends \cf2 BorderPane \{\line\line     \cf1 private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a2 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a5 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line\line     public \cf4 PreOrder\cf2 ()\{\}\line     \cf1 public \cf4 PreOrder\cf2 (Stage primaryStage) \cf1 throws \cf2 IOException \{\line\line         FileInputStream outputname = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "name.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Scanner s2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputname)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 FileInputStream outputcolor = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "color.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Scanner s5 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputcolor)\cf1 ;\line\line\line         while\cf2 (s2.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a2\cf2 .add(s2.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s5.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a5\cf2 .add(s5.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line\line         Text SubjectText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Pre-Order"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf6 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setX(\cf6 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 ComboBox<String> Colors_Box = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ComboBox<String> Dates_Box = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ComboBox<String> Cars_Box = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Cars_Box.getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Colors_Box.getItems().addAll(\cf3 a5\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 ArrayList<String> dateArray = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "1/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "2/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "3/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "4/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "5/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "6/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "7/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "8/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "9/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "10/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "11/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "12/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "13/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "14/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "15/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 dateArray.add(\cf5 "16/5"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Dates_Box.getItems().addAll(dateArray)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Text TextSub1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Select a Car"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf7 //Text T3 = new Text("Expected Date to be offred");\line         \cf2 Text TextSub2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Select a Color"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Text TextSub3 = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Duration"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Text TextSub4 = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Select a Date"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub1.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf6 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub2.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf6 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub3.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf6 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub4.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf6 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 TextField DurationField = \cf1 new \cf2 TextField()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 DurationField.setPromptText(\cf5 "XX hours e.x 02 "\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub1.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf7 //T3.setFill(Color.WHITE);\line         \cf2 TextSub2.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub3.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub4.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Button PaymentButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Primary Payment"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button ReturnButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Return"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PaymentButton.setMaxWidth(\cf6 150\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setMaxWidth(\cf6 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PaymentButton.setPrefSize(\cf6 140\cf1 ,\cf6 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setPrefSize(\cf6 140\cf1 ,\cf6 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PaymentButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf6 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf6 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\line         \cf2 VBox TextsBox = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextsBox.getChildren().addAll(TextSub1\cf1 , \cf2 TextSub2\cf1 , \cf2 TextSub3\cf1 , \cf2 TextSub4)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextsBox.setSpacing(\cf6 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextsBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER_LEFT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 VBox ComboBoxes = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox(Cars_Box\cf1 ,\cf2 Colors_Box\cf1 , \cf2 DurationField\cf1 ,\cf2 Dates_Box)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ComboBoxes.setSpacing(\cf6 7\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ComboBoxes.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER_LEFT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf7 //VBox Box3 = new VBox(TextSub3,DurationField);\line         //Box3.setSpacing(7);\line         //Box3.setAlignment(Pos.CENTER);\line\line         //HBox Box4 = new HBox(TextSub4,Dates_Box);\line         //Box4.setSpacing(7);\line         //Box4.setAlignment(Pos.CENTER);\line\line\line         \cf2 VBox SubjectBox = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.getChildren().add(SubjectText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 HBox PrimaryPane = \cf1 new \cf2 HBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PrimaryPane.getChildren().addAll(ReturnButton\cf1 , \cf2 PaymentButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PrimaryPane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PrimaryPane.setSpacing(\cf6 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane Pane = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf3\i HORIZONTAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.getChildren().addAll(TextsBox\cf1 , \cf2 ComboBoxes)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setHgap(\cf6 25\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane pane2 = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf3\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane2.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane2.getChildren().addAll(SubjectBox\cf1 , \cf2 Pane\cf1 ,\cf2 PrimaryPane)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane2.setVgap(\cf6 80\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf7 //BorderPane GeneralPane = new BorderPane();\line         //setTop(SubjectBox);\line         \cf2 setCenter(pane2)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 setBackground(\cf1 new \cf2 Background(\cf1 new \cf2 BackgroundFill((Color.\cf3\i DARKSLATEGRAY\cf2\i0 )\cf1 , \cf2 CornerRadii.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf1\i0 , \cf2 Insets.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf2\i0 )))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 PaymentButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //Confirmation Box to be Added Here\line             \cf2 PreOrder Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 PreOrder()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //ReturnButton to HomePage\line             \cf8 primaryStage\cf2 .getScene().setRoot(\cf1 new \cf2 CustomerPage(\cf8 primaryStage\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\line\line     \cf2\}\line\}\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
}
 