{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern JetBrains Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green120\blue50;\red169\green183\blue198;\red152\green118\blue170;\red255\green198\blue109;\red106\green135\blue89;\red128\green128\blue128;\red104\green151\blue187;\red179\green137\blue197;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs20\lang9 package \cf2 sample\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 javafx.application.Platform\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Insets\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Orientation\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Pos\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Alert\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Button\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.ComboBox\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Label\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.layout.*\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.paint.Color\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Font\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontPosture\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontWeight\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Text\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.stage.Stage\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 sample.CheckingProgress\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 sample.CustomerPage\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 java.io.FileInputStream\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.io.FileNotFoundException\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.io.FileOutputStream\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.nio.channels.FileLockInterruptionException\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.util.ArrayList\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 java.util.Scanner\cf1 ;\line\line public class \cf2 RentCar \cf1 extends \cf2 BorderPane \{\line     \cf1 private \cf2 ComboBox<String> \cf3 comboBox \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ComboBox<String> \cf3 comboBox2 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ComboBox<String> \cf3 comboBox3 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ComboBox<String> \cf3 comboBox4 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ComboBox<String> \cf3 comboBox5 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ComboBox<>()\cf1 ;\line\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<Car> \cf3 rentcar \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 reader\cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 Car \cf3 obj \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Car()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 FileInputStream \cf3 input\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 Scanner \cf3 sc\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a1 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a2 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a3 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a4 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line     private \cf2 ArrayList<String> \cf3 a5 \cf2 = \cf1 new \cf2 ArrayList<>()\cf1 ;\line\line     public \cf4 RentCar\cf2 () \cf1 throws \cf2 FileNotFoundException \{\}\line     \cf1 public \cf4 RentCar\cf2 (Stage primaryStage) \cf1 throws \cf2 FileNotFoundException \{\line\line         FileInputStream outputtype = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "type.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 Scanner s1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputtype)\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 FileInputStream outputname = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "name.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 Scanner s2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputname)\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 FileInputStream outputmodel = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "model.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 Scanner s3 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputmodel)\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 FileInputStream outputsize = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "size.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 Scanner s4 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputsize)\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 FileInputStream outputcolor = \cf1 new \cf2 FileInputStream(\cf5 "color.txt"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line          \cf2 Scanner s5 = \cf1 new \cf2 Scanner(outputcolor)\cf1 ;\line\cf6 //_____________________ArrayList for BMW cars_________________\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s1.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a1\cf2 .add(s1.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s2.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a2\cf2 .add(s2.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s3.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a3\cf2 .add(s3.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s4.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a4\cf2 .add(s4.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\line         \cf1 while\cf2 (s5.hasNextLine()) \{\line             \cf3 a5\cf2 .add(s5.nextLine())\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\}\line\cf6 //_____________________ArrayList for TOYOTA cars_______________\line\line\line //____________________ArrayList for Cadillac cars_______________\line\line\line\line //_________________ArrayList for Aston Martin cars_______________\line\line\line\line         \cf3 comboBox\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\line                 \cf3 a1\line         \cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox\cf2 .setValue(\cf3 a1\cf2 .get(\cf7 0\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setValue(\cf3 a2\cf2 .get(\cf7 0\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //______________Action to show each type of the cars______________\line         \cf3 comboBox\cf2 .setOnAction(e -> \{\line             \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().clear()\cf1 ;\line\line             \cf2 System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf5 "hi"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line             if \cf2 (\cf3 comboBox\cf2 .getValue() == \cf5 "BMW"\cf2 ) \{\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setValue(\cf5 "Series 1"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line             \cf2\} \cf1 else if \cf2 (\cf3 comboBox\cf2 .getValue() == \cf5 "TOYOTA"\cf2 ) \{\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setValue(\cf5 "CAMRY"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line             \cf2\} \cf1 else if \cf2 (\cf3 comboBox\cf2 .getValue() == \cf5 "CADILLAC"\cf2 ) \{\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setValue(\cf5 "XT4"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line             \cf2\} \cf1 else \cf2\{\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\cf3 a2\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line                 \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setValue(\cf5 "DB11"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line             \cf2\}\line\line         \})\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_________________________ComboBox for car model\tab _____________________\line         \cf3 comboBox3\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\line                 \cf3 a3\line         \cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox3\cf2 .setValue(\cf3 a3\cf2 .get(\cf7 0\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_________________________ComboBox for car size_____________________\line         \cf3 comboBox4\cf2 .getItems().addAll(\line                 \cf3 a4\line         \cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox4\cf2 .setValue(\cf3 a4\cf2 .get(\cf7 0\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Text SubjectText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf5 "Rent Car"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf7 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setX(\cf7 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\line\cf6 //________________________GridPane to have all the nodes in x-y axis________________\line         \cf2 GridPane pane = \cf1 new \cf2 GridPane()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.setBackground(\cf1 new \cf2 Background(\cf1 new \cf2 BackgroundFill((Color.\cf3\i DARKSLATEGRAY\cf2\i0 )\cf1 , \cf2 CornerRadii.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf1\i0 , \cf2 Insets.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf2\i0 )))\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_________________________Label for adding the car_____________________\line\line\line //_________________________Label for car Type_______________________\line         \cf3 comboBox\cf2 .setMaxWidth(\cf7 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Label l1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Label(\cf5 "Car Type"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l1.setTextFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l1.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf7 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\line         \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setMaxWidth(\cf7 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf3 comboBox2\cf2 .setOnAction(e -> \{\line             \cf1 if \cf2 (\cf3 comboBox\cf2 .getValue() == \cf3 a1\cf2 .get(\cf7 0\cf2 )) \{\line\line             \}\line         \})\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_________________________Label for car name_____________________\line         \cf2 Label l2 = \cf1 new \cf2 Label(\cf5 "Car Name"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l2.setTextFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l2.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf7 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf6 //pane.add(l2, 1, 2);\line         //pane.add(comboBox2, 2, 2);\line\line //_________________________Label for car model_____________________\line         \cf3 comboBox3\cf2 .setMaxWidth(\cf7 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Label l3 = \cf1 new \cf2 Label(\cf5 "Car Model"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l3.setTextFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l3.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf7 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\cf6 //_________________________Label for car size_____________________\line         \cf3 comboBox4\cf2 .setMaxWidth(\cf7 100\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Label l4 = \cf1 new \cf2 Label(\cf5 "Car Size"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l4.setTextFill(Color.\cf3\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 l4.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf3\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf7 15\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\cf6 //_________________________Button for to add and the car in the database_____________________\line         \cf2 Button b1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Rent"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 b1.setMinWidth(\cf7 60\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 b1.setMinHeight(\cf7 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 b1.setStyle(\cf5 "-fx-font: 13 arial; -fx-base: lightblue"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 Button RentButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Rent"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button ReturnButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Return"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 RentButton.setMaxWidth(\cf7 120\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setMaxWidth(\cf7 120\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 RentButton.setPrefSize(\cf7 90\cf1 ,\cf7 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setPrefSize(\cf7 90\cf1 ,\cf7 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 RentButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf7 13\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf5 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf3\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf7 13\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 HBox SubjectBox = \cf1 new \cf2 HBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.getChildren().add(SubjectText)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.setSpacing(\cf7 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 VBox SubTextsBox = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubTextsBox.getChildren().addAll(l1\cf1 ,\cf2 l2\cf1 ,\cf2 l3\cf1 ,\cf2 l4)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubTextsBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER_LEFT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubTextsBox.setSpacing(\cf7 12\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 VBox ListBox = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ListBox.getChildren().addAll(\cf3 comboBox\cf1 ,\cf3 comboBox2\cf1 ,\cf3 comboBox3\cf1 ,\cf3 comboBox4\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ListBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER_RIGHT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ListBox.setSpacing(\cf7 7\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane smallPane = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf3\i HORIZONTAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallPane.getChildren().addAll(SubTextsBox\cf1 ,\cf2 ListBox)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallPane.setHgap(\cf7 12\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallPane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 HBox ButtonsBox = \cf1 new \cf2 HBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox.getChildren().addAll(ReturnButton\cf1 ,\cf2 RentButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox.setSpacing(\cf7 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane Pane = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf3\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.getChildren().addAll(SubjectBox\cf1 ,\cf2 smallPane\cf1 ,\cf2 ButtonsBox)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf3\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setVgap(\cf7 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 setCenter(Pane)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 setBackground(\cf1 new \cf2 Background(\cf1 new \cf2 BackgroundFill((Color.\cf3\i DARKSLATEGRAY\cf2\i0 )\cf1 , \cf2 CornerRadii.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf1\i0 , \cf2 Insets.\cf3\i EMPTY\cf2\i0 )))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\cf6 //________________________Action to rent a car______________________\line\line\line\line         \cf2 pane.add(b1\cf1 , \cf7 2\cf1 , \cf7 6\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_____________________Button to return the user to the homepage______________\line         \cf2 Button homeButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Home"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 homeButton.setMinWidth(\cf7 60\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 homeButton.setMinHeight(\cf7 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 homeButton.setStyle(\cf5 "-fx-font: 13 arial; -fx-base: white"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.add(homeButton\cf1 , \cf7 3\cf1 , \cf7 13\cf1 , \cf7 1\cf1 , \cf7 1\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\cf6 //_____________________Button to return the user to the previous page______________\line         \cf2 Button backButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf5 "Back"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 backButton.setMinWidth(\cf7 60\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 backButton.setMinHeight(\cf7 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 backButton.setStyle(\cf5 "-fx-font: 13 arial; -fx-base: white"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 pane.add(backButton\cf1 , \cf7 0\cf1 , \cf7 13\cf1 , \cf7 1\cf1 , \cf7 1\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line         \cf2 RentButton.setOnAction( e ->\{\line             RentCar Obj = \cf1 null;\line             try \cf2\{\line                 Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 RentCar()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2\} \cf1 catch \cf2 (FileNotFoundException fileNotFoundException) \{\line                 fileNotFoundException.printStackTrace()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2\}\line             CheckingProgress checkBox = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setOnAction( e ->\{\line             \cf8 primaryStage\cf2 .getScene().setRoot(\cf1 new \cf2 CustomerPage(\cf8 primaryStage\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line     \cf2\}\line\}\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
}
 