{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern JetBrains Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green120\blue50;\red169\green183\blue198;\red255\green198\blue109;\red106\green135\blue89;\red104\green151\blue187;\red152\green118\blue170;\red128\green128\blue128;\red179\green137\blue197;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs20\lang9 package \cf2 sample\cf1 ;\line\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Insets\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Orientation\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.geometry.Pos\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.control.Button\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.layout.*\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.paint.Color\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Font\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontPosture\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.FontWeight\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.scene.text.Text\cf1 ;\line import \cf2 javafx.stage.Stage\cf1 ;\line\line public class \cf2 ReportProblem \cf1 extends \cf2 BorderPane \{\line\line     \cf1 public \cf3 ReportProblem\cf2 ()\{\}\line     \cf1 public \cf3 ReportProblem\cf2 (Stage primaryStage)\{\line\line         Button CarAccidentButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Car Accident"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button CarIssueButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Car Issue"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button ReservationTimeButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Reservation Time"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button TransactionIssueButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Transaction Issue"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button AccountIssueButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Account Issue"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button PreOrderIssueButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Pre-Order Issue"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button ContactButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Contact"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Button ReturnButton = \cf1 new \cf2 Button(\cf4 "Return"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 CarAccidentButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 CarIssueButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReservationTimeButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TransactionIssueButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 AccountIssueButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PreOrderIssueButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ContactButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setMaxWidth(\cf5 140\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 CarAccidentButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 CarIssueButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReservationTimeButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TransactionIssueButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 AccountIssueButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PreOrderIssueButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 130\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ContactButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 80\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setPrefSize(\cf5 80\cf1 ,\cf5 30\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 CarAccidentButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 CarIssueButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReservationTimeButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TransactionIssueButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 AccountIssueButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PreOrderIssueButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ContactButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "Verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf5 11\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line\line\line         \cf2 Text SubjectText = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Report a problem "\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Text TextSub1 = \cf1 new \cf2 Text(\cf4 "Or Contact Support Team"\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFill(Color.\cf6\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub1.setFill(Color.\cf6\i WHITE\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectText.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf6\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf5 20\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TextSub1.setFont(Font.\i font\i0 (\cf4 "verdana"\cf1 , \cf2 FontWeight.\cf6\i BOLD\cf1\i0 , \cf2 FontPosture.\cf6\i REGULAR\cf1\i0 , \cf5 12\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2 VBox SubjectBox = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 SubjectBox.getChildren().add(SubjectText)\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 VBox ButtonsBox1 = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox1.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER_LEFT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox1.getChildren().addAll(CarAccidentButton\cf1 ,\cf2 CarIssueButton\cf1 , \cf2 ReservationTimeButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox1.setSpacing(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 VBox ButtonsBox2 = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox2.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER_RIGHT\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox2.getChildren().addAll(TransactionIssueButton\cf1 , \cf2 AccountIssueButton\cf1 , \cf2 PreOrderIssueButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox2.setSpacing(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 HBox ButtonsBox3 = \cf1 new \cf2 HBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox3.getChildren().addAll(ReturnButton\cf1 , \cf2 ContactButton)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox3.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ButtonsBox3.setSpacing(\cf5 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 VBox Box3 = \cf1 new \cf2 VBox()\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Box3.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Box3.getChildren().addAll(TextSub1\cf1 , \cf2 ButtonsBox3)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Box3.setSpacing(\cf5 10\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane smallpane = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i HORIZONTAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallpane.getChildren().addAll(ButtonsBox1\cf1 ,\cf2 ButtonsBox2)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallpane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 smallpane.setHgap(\cf5 15\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 FlowPane Pane = \cf1 new \cf2 FlowPane(Orientation.\cf6\i VERTICAL\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setAlignment(Pos.\cf6\i CENTER\cf2\i0 )\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.getChildren().addAll(SubjectBox\cf1 , \cf2 smallpane\cf1 ,\cf2 Box3)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 Pane.setVgap(\cf5 50\cf2 )\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 setCenter(Pane)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 setBackground(\cf1 new \cf2 Background(\cf1 new \cf2 BackgroundFill((Color.\cf6\i DARKSLATEGRAY\cf2\i0 )\cf1 , \cf2 CornerRadii.\cf6\i EMPTY\cf1\i0 , \cf2 Insets.\cf6\i EMPTY\cf2\i0 )))\cf1 ;\line\line         \cf2 CarAccidentButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 CarIssueButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReservationTimeButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 TransactionIssueButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 AccountIssueButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 PreOrderIssueButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line             \cf2 ReportProblem Obj = \cf1 new \cf2 ReportProblem()\cf1 ;\line             \cf2 CheckingProgress check = \cf1 new \cf2 CheckingProgress(Obj)\cf1 ;\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ContactButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line         \cf2 ReturnButton.setOnMouseClicked(e ->\{\line             \cf7 //To be Designed\line                 \cf8 primaryStage\cf2 .getScene().setRoot(\cf1 new \cf2 CustomerPage(\cf8 primaryStage\cf2 ))\cf1 ;\line\line\line         \cf2\})\cf1 ;\line\line     \cf2\}\line\}\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f1\fs22\par
}
 